I, uh...  Oh, so comfortable.  Good.  I don't know who's going to, like, Taiwan and other places too, so...  On?  Yeah, yeah.  I just had one of the most frustrating meetings of my career.  It's definitely not the most frustrating meeting I've ever had.  You remember you're being recorded at this point.  Yeah.  We didn't get specified with whom.  Right.  So that's why Keith and I are going to be a little dazed for the first half of the meeting.  Right.  I avoided that as long as I couldn't.  Yeah.  For which we thank you.  I very appreciate it.  I know you were doing that, but anyway...  How did you exactly did that paper lead to anti-lock brakes?  Oh, I have to tell you what, man.  I love that story.  Yeah, it's a great story.  Okay.  Oh my goodness.  Oh yeah.  Let's suggest that we could start off by doing the digits all at the same time.  What?  All at the same time.  I don't know if I would get distracted and confused probably.  Really?  Are you being silly?  We can do this.  Everybody's got different digits, right?  Yeah.  And we have to time them at the same time?  You're kidding.  We'll just start whenever you want.  At any rate?  They have the close talking microphone.  Yeah, that's true.  All right.  They're separate channels.  Okay.  So when I say 224...  This is transcribed...  Are we going to start all our meetings out that way for now on?  No.  Oh.  I kind of like it.  Could we?  It's crazy satisfying.  Yeah.  It's a ritual.  Are we there?  Just to make sure I know what's going on, we're talking about Robert's thesis proposal  today.  We could.  We are?  We might.  Okay.  You said there were two things that you might want to do.  One was rehearse your...  Oh, yes, and that too.  Not rehearse.  I mean, I have just not spent any time on it, so I can show you what I've got, get  your input on it, and maybe some suggestions.  That would be great.  And the same is true for the proposal.  I will have time to do some revision and some additional stuff on various airplanes and trains.  So, I don't know how much of a chance you had to actually read it.  I haven't looked at it yet.  But you could always send me comments per electronic mail, and they will be incorporated.  It basically says, well, this is construal, and then it continues to say that one could potentially  build a probabilistic relational model that has some general, domain general rules, how  things are construed, and then the idea is to use ontology, situation, user, and discourse  model to instantiate elements in the classes of the probabilistic relational model to do some  inferences in terms of what is being construed as what in our beloved tourism domain.  But with a focus on...  I think I need a copy of this, yes.  Is there an extra copy around it?  He sent it.  I can pass my extra copy around.  Okay, you can keep it.  Actually, my only copy, I don't think about it.  I don't even have it, so it's okay.  Actually, this is the newest version after your comments.  Yeah, no, I see this.  It's got the castle in it and stuff like that.  Oh, maybe the version I didn't have.  Did the one you sent on the email have the...  That was the most recent one?  Yeah, I think so.  Yeah.  Because I read halfway, but I didn't see a castle thing.  I'm changing this.  Yeah.  If you would have checked your email, you may have received a note from you.  Oh, okay.  You asked you to send me the current formalism that you presented.  Okay.  But for this it doesn't matter, but...  We'll talk about it later.  It's not even ready, so...  Okay, go on to it, whatever.  And...  I'm making changes, don't worry about that.  Oh, okay, sorry, go on.  In any type of comment, whether it's a spelling or a syntax or...  There's only one S in interesting.  Interesting.  Anyway, email anytime, but most usefully for...  The 21st, I'm assuming.  The 21st?  The 29th.  But today's the 21st?  Or better, hurry up.  Oh, man.  The 29th.  For the 29th, okay.  Okay.  That's when I'm meeting with Wolfgang Wildster to...  Sell him this idea.  Okay.  Then I'm also going to present a little talk at EML about what we have done here.  And so, of course, I'm going to start out with this slide.  So the most relevant aspects of our stay here.  And then I'm asking them to imagine that they're standing somewhere in Heidelberg  and someone asked them in the morning.  The cave 45 is a well-known discotheque, which is certainly not open at that time.  And so they're supposed to imagine that, you know,  do they think the person wants to go there or just know where it is,  which is probably not the case in that discotheque example  and the Bavaria example.  They just want to know where it is.  And so far, so basically we can make a point that here is ontological knowledge,  but if it's 9 p.m. in the evening,  then the discotheque question would be, for example,  one that might ask for directions instead of just location.  And so forth, and so forth.  That's sort of motivating it.  Then what have we done so far?  We had a little bit of smart com stuff that we did.  Oh, you've got the parser done.  Sorry.  That's the, not the construction parser.  It's the template-based parser and the generation.  Halfway done, yeah.  That's done.  You have to change the strategies, right?  Yeah.  That's 10 words.  Well, you know, maybe 12.  12?  Okay.  And Faye is doing the synthesis stuff as we speak.  That's all about that.  Then I'm going to talk about the data.  You know these things about, actually have an example.  Probably.  Two seconds.  Can you hear that?  We're sure to turn the volume on.  I can hear it.  I can hear it.  They might not hear it in the, well, maybe they will.  I don't know.  Where is a nightclub?  This was an actual subject?  It sounds like Faye.  Yeah.  They're mimicking the synthesis when they speak to the computer.  You can observe that all the time.  They're trying to match their prosody onto the machine.  Oh, it's pretty slow.  Where is it?  Okay.  What is this?  Oh.  Hello?  Hello?  I'm sorry, something seems to have gone wrong with our system.  I'm going to have to take over from here.  What can we help you with?  Okay, and so forth, and so forth.  I will talk about our problems with the rephrasing and how we solved it,  and some preliminary observations.  Also, I'm not going to put in the figures from Liz,  but I thought it would be interesting to point out  that it's basically the same as in every human-human telephone conversation,  and the human-computer telephone conversation is, of course, quite different  from some first observations.  Then, sort of, feature back to our original problem,  how to get there, what actually is happening there today,  and then maybe talk about the big picture here,  tell a little bit as much as I can about the ETL story.  I do want to...  I'm not quite sure about this,  but I should put this in that you have these two sort of different ideas  that are different camps of people envisioning how language understanding works,  and then talk a little bit about the embodied simulation approach  and as a prelude, talk about monkeys in Italy,  and Trini was going to send me some slides, but he didn't do it,  so from that I have the paper, I can make a resume of that,  and then I stole an schema from one of your talks, I think.  I was like, where'd you get that?  Looks familiar.  I think that's Bergen-Chang, something for the other.  And that's... No, I'm not going to bring that,  so that's basically what I have so far, and the rest is for airplanes.  So, excuse us, then I would like to talk about the construction aspect  and then at the end about our base net.  End of story.  Anything I forgot that we should mention?  Maybe the FMRI stuff, should I mention the fact that we're also actually  going to start to look at people's brains in a more direct way?  You might just want to tack that on as a comment to something.  Future activities, something.  The time dimension of the future is when you talk about mirror neurons,  then you should talk about the more recent stuff about the kicking and kicking.  And then you can see to what extent we have the same kind of stories about it,  so that's the thing that we're fitting into this.  That's one thing.  It depends, I mean, there is a language learning side.  Yeah.  Actually, even on your Black Lives Matter slide, you've got an old one that is set off.  Yeah, I do have it here.  And of course, the big picture is this bit.  But I don't think I am capable of putting this off and doing justice to the matter.  I mean, there is interesting stuff in terms of how language works.  So the emergentism story would be nice to tell people what's happening there  plus how the language learning stuff works, but...  I agree that's not...  It may not, but you might monitor this.  I'm going to rip off a bunch of the slides on...  We've got various generations of slides that show life analysis,  and actually, we've got life achievements,  and health instruction, simulation, that whole...  Yeah, that comes up to the excima slide.  So basically, I'm going to steal that from Nancy.  Okay, I can give you a more recent if you want.  Well, that might happen, no.  Yeah, but I also have stuff you trash you left over, your quals and your triple A.I.  Yeah, which I can even email you that, you know, like there probably was a few changes.  Not a big deal.  Yeah, you can steal anything you want out of here.  Which you've already done, obviously.  I don't feel bad about it at all because you are on the title.  No, that's great. I'm glad to see the propagation.  Propagated?  Yeah, that's great.  I might even mention that this work you're doing is also with the MPI in Leipzig.  It's certainly related.  Because email is building up a huge thing in Leipzig.  Is it?  So it's on biocomputation.  This is the DNA building or some of the W.E.L.I.D.s building.  Kind of a different level of analysis.  Yeah, I did it because you have multiple billions of dollars.  It could be all sorts of weird things.  Wait, they're building a building in the shape of DNA, so you said?  I hope so.  So you're talking about the cross bridge or something?  What?  That's brilliant.  Come on.  I spent two hours here.  You definitely don't want to waste that money on research.  It's horrible.  It's interesting.  You didn't fill it with researchers.  They give them more money.  They just want a fun place for them to...  And everybody gets a trampoline in their office.  Well, the offices are actually a little stick of ramps coming out of the double helix.  And then you have these half domes, glass half domes.  And the offices are in the glass half dome.  Alright, let's stop talking about this.  Does it exist yet?  It's a model.  Yeah, I think that's a good point.  It's a lot of...  It is interacting with...  A little bit also different from the others.  And...  The combination of the biology and the likes of the connection might be a good one.  Anyway, enough of that.  Yeah, if somebody has something to say.  You might want to double check the spellings of the author's names on your references.  You had a few misspells in your slides there.  Like I believe you had Jackendorf.  Unless there's a person called Jackendorf.  On that one?  That's the only thing I noticed in there.  In the presentation?  I'll probably have comments for you.  In the presentation?  I was actually worried about Bibtech.  No, that's quite possible.  That's copy and paste from something.  So I think it looks like the metaphor you can get in here.  It did. There is a reference to Srinni...  Oh, did you put in something about...  Metaunee metaphor here, right?  The individual...  We talked about putting in something about people had...  Oh, yeah, okay.  Good.  I see what you have.  I'll talk in a second about that page in a second.  What I meant is...  I think even before you look at this...  to Volsberg...  I should...  Unless you put in something about who we talked about...  the scalability that we get by...  combining constructions with general construal mechanisms.  Is that in there?  Yeah.  But I did not focus on that aspect, but...  It's just underneath that reference to metaphors.  So it's the last paragraph before two.  So on page two, the main focus...  But it's really...  It's not about that.  No, it says it, but it doesn't say it doesn't give the punchline.  Okay, let me tell you again what I think the punchline is.  Because it's actually important.  Which is that...  the constructions that...  these reference are doing...  are in a way quite general.  But...  cover only base cases.  And to make them apply to the horrible cases...  but the mimic cases and all those things...  requires this additional mechanism of construal.  And the punchline is...  that...  to do this right...  you can get essentially your plug-inality...  that if you introduce a new construction...  at the base level...  it should interact with all the metatonic metaphors.  So all of the projections of it also should work.  And similarly, if you introduce a new metaphor...  it should have components with all the reductions.  Yeah.  To an extent that's true.  There's a big way to...  exist.  So does that mean instead of having...  tens and tens of rules in your context-free grammar...  you just have...  these base constructions...  as a general mechanism for coercing them?  Yeah.  So that, for example...  in the metaphor case...  we're gonna have a kind of direct idea of the source pattern goal...  and any of those work with...  abstract or...  can do the same grammar.  Business grammar.  But...  the trick is that...  the way the construction is written...  it requires that the objects in that position...  for example, be a container.  Well, trouble is in the containers...  because the structure is a container.  Right.  So that's where it's...  So with a constructor, you don't have to have a construction...  for every possible thing that can fill the rule?  Correct.  It's a very big deal...  in this framework, yeah.  This is probably what the stand does.  I don't think...  you say that it's correct.  That doesn't say it at all, man.  Even though...  one could argue what...  if there are basic cases...  even...  it seems like...  nothing is context-free.  Well, nothing is context-free...  but there are basic cases...  there are physical containers...  there are physical tasks...  etc.  But walked into the café...  and ordered a drink...  and walked into the café...  and broke his nose...  sort of...  Well, it doesn't mean that there aren't any windows.  Any candy can be screwed as a container...  or a candy can be screwed...  as a possible word...  some physical object.  So they multiple construals.  And in fact that's part of what has to be done...  as far as this interaction between the analysis...  and the construal.  So yeah, I mean,  it doesn't magically...  have you do it again?  It does say that...  if...  you walk into the café...  if you are construing a café...  and an object...  and that's not consistent with...  other things...  then you've got to reject that reading.  You conditioned me with your first sentence...  and so I thought, why would he walk into the café...  and then somehow break his nose?  He slipped on the wet floor.  You don't find that usage...  I checked for it in the Brown National Corpus.  If you walk into it,  it never really means...  what smack.  But if you first walked smack into the café...  or slammed into the wall...  You will find...  cars run into telephone poles all the time.  Or you can run into an old friend or...  No!  Yeah, run into might even be more...  impact sense than...  you know, container sense.  Like, run into an old friend...  and...  probably need some construction.  I mean...  you know, George might have to have a choice...  I mean, complicated reason why...  and the instance of...  something else...  and maybe the instance of...  you're already in this case...  Well, contact.  I mean, there's contact...  social contact, whatever.  Sudden, surprising contact.  First of all...  But of course, no.  I mean, it has a life of its own...  and sort of partially inspired by the space hole.  Did she get a t-shirt that says that?  There's a lot to think we can make t-shirts out of, but...  We don't need t-shirts.  But probably not your marks in the kitchen today.  What?  No, no, no, no.  We're not going there.  Okay.  In other news...  Well...  Well, the...  actually...  What would have been really nice  is to find an example  for all of this...  from our domain.  So maybe if we...  if we can make one up now, that would be  incredibly helpful.  So, where it should illustrate...  when you say all this, do you mean like...  I don't know, the related work stuff  as well as...  mappings?  Well, we have, for example, a canonical use of something  and it's...  we have some constructions  and then it's construed as something  and then we may get the same constructions  with a metaphorical use  that's also relevant to the domain.  Okay.  I had two hours  with George on this, so...  Did you?  Join the club.  Um...  On the bus  is a metaphorical  metonymy  that relates some method...  path metaphorically and you're on that path  and...  there's a platform notion, right?  He's standing on the bus  waving to me, but the regular...  as we speak, Drano is on the bus  to New York.  He's...  that's a...  we call it here the transportation  schema, something  where you can be on the first flight, on the second  flight and you can be  on the wagon.  So that may or may not be  what you want to do.  Could do something much simpler.  Like under the bus or something.  But it's unfortunately...  this is not really something a tourist would ever say.  So...  Well, obviously we were repairing it or something.  Yeah.  We had initially  started discussing the  out-of-film.  And there's a lot of out-of-analysis.  So...  Could we capture that  with a different control of...  Yeah, it's a little...  We've thought about it before  and used the examples in other papers  and it's a little complicated.  Like it's a state of...  there's resource, right?  What is film?  You're out of the state of having film, right?  And somehow film is standing  for the... the state of having some resource  is just labeled as that  resource.  Yeah, I mean, plus the fact that there's also...  I mean, can you say like...  the film ran out,  you know, or maybe...  Yeah, is film the projector?  So like the film went away from where it should be  namely with you or something, right?  You know...  The film is gone, right?  I never really knew what was going on.  I mean, I find it sort of a little bit far-fetched  to say that I'm out of film  means that I have left the state of having film  or something like that.  Or having is also  associated with location, right?  So if the film left, you know...  So running out of something  is different from being out of somewhere.  Well, being out of something as well.  So running out of it  does be a process aspect.  But that's from run, yeah.  That's okay, I mean...  The final state of running out of something  is being out of it.  Yeah, you got there.  That part is fine.  You got to out of it, yeah.  Yeah, so no one is...  in the professional linguistics...  There was?  Out.  There was one on  out or out of?  Okay.  It was over, but there was also a big run out.  Yeah, Susan...  Oh, yeah.  The syrup spread out, that kind of thing.  Yeah.  And undoubtedly there's been  reams of work about it  in technical linguistics, but...  Yeah.  It's not one of the...  It's more straightforward ones to defend,  so you probably don't want to use it for the purposes.  These are...  You're addressing like computational linguists, right?  Or are you?  There's going to be four  computational linguists.  But more emphasis on the computational  or emphasis on the linguists?  More...  There's going to be just for computational linguists  for the rest is whatever,  biocomputing people.  Oh, the thesis.  I mean, this, you know, like...  That should be very computational.  So I would try to...  I would stay away from one that equals weird construal stuff.  You know, it's an obvious one.  I mean, the bakery example might be nice.  Is there a bakery around here?  So if you really just construed as a...  No, it's the bakery itself.  Is it a building  that you want to go to?  To eat that you want to buy?  And then...  No.  What? Bakery can't be something you're going to eat?  Yeah, no, the question is...  You know what?  This is speech act.  Exactly.  You want to view the bakery  as a place that...  We can get baked goods.  Well, that's one. You want to buy something.  But the other is  you might have smelled a smell on it  and you're curious about what it would be  a bakery in a native word.  You have to wonder how people here  make their living  and all sorts of reasons why you might  be asking about the bakery.  It doesn't mean I want to buy some baked goods.  Okay.  But...  Those are interesting examples,  but it's not clear that they're mainly  construals.  Yeah.  There's a lot of pragmatics there  on it.  Let's listen to the point of view  of these girls.  So let's first do  the...  The tautomy thing  is probably the easiest  than actually the...  The one you have is a point...  You mean the steak wants to pay?  No, not that one.  That's a sort of background.  This is the  page five.  Do you have a tattoo in the book?  No.  How much does it cost?  Where's the castle? How old is it?  How much does it cost?  To go in.  200 million dollars.  Yeah, I think that's a good one.  Yeah, that's good.  But as Nancy just suggested,  it's very difficult.  Like, it doesn't refer to  thing. It refers to  thing standing for most  relevant activity for a tourist.  You could think of it that way.  Yeah, well, shoot.  I mean, that's...  My argument here is  it's the same thing as Plato's on the top shelf.  You can refer to  a book of Plato by using Plato.  I'm agreeing that this is a good...  Back to it. Castles  as tourists have admission fees.  So you can say, where is the castle?  How much does it cost?  How far is it  from here?  You're also not  referring to  the width  of the objectors.  Okay, so is it a nice  metaphorical use  of where  in a tourist building?  Well, you know,  you've been talking about  where  in the sense that  you know,  where was  where was Heidelberg  in  war?  Or some such thing.  Like what side were they on?  Okay,  it's here.  So there are  cases here.  Or like it's developmental state  or something like that.  I guess you can get that.  I mean, there's also  things like, I mean,  I guess  I could ask something like  where can I find out about blah blah blah  and this sort of  doesn't necessarily  have to care about the spatial location.  Just give me a phone number and I'll call them  or something like that.  Where could I learn it's opening  or something like that?  It's not that  horrible.  So I think about  we could also think about  I don't know  but  when I  when I  how about I mean,  hurry?  State?  What?  The  issue is  maybe just  alright  More exotic one version of that  I'm really into  Do you really say that would you really say that well, you can certainly say  I'm really into art. Yeah, it's gonna say like  Fixed expression, yeah  I  Do they're all sorts of fix expression that out of sorts now, I mean trouble  Well, I mean  Just the data that I've looked at so far that we I mean, there's tons of cases for polysomy  so  making reference to buildings as institutions as containers as  Bill, you know, whatever  So in music for example museums, you know as a building or as something where pictures hang versus, you know, if  Something that puts on exhibits  Why don't you want to use any of this so you don't use one of this  That's what I started  The van go  But I think the argument should be  Can be made that  Despite the fact that this is not the most metaphorical domain because people interacting with HCI systems try to be straightforward and  less lyrical  Construal still is  you know completely  Key in terms of finding out any of these things so  We uh with a  I looked with a student. I looked at the entire database that we have on Heidelberg for cases of metonymy  hardly anything so not even in descriptions  Did we find anything?  Relevant  But  Okay, this is just something we'll we'll see  And deal with  I  Mean maybe the where is something question as a whole you know can be construed as  locational versus instructional request  So if we not talk about location versus what instruction instruction directions. Yeah. Well, I thought that was  Definitely treated as an example of construal  Yeah, but then you know on the lexical level that's sort of one level higher. Oh you want a lexical example, but I don't need it  Yeah  Also, it would be nice to get ultimately to get a nice mental space example. So even temporal references are  Just in the spatial domain are rare  But it's easy to make up  When you're getting information on objects, so  Maybe we can include that also in our second  Data run we can show people pictures of objects and then  Have them ask the system about the objects and engage in conversation on the history and the art and the architecture and so forth  Okay, so why don't we give you feedback?  For some reason when you said feedback electronically, I thought of that  You ever see the Simpsons where they're like the family's got the buzzers and they buzz each other when they don't like what the other one is saying  That's the  First one, I think  It was a very early one. I don't know if it's the first one  I'm trying to play break the world record for  Different okay times of being at Milan airport  I  Are you on the next round, are they?  Uh, I'm not sure.  I'm not sure.  One for you.  I'm not sure.  Are you on the next round?  Are they?  Uh, I'm not sure.  Out of the 10th round?  What?  What?  You can never.  Yeah.  Hey, I'm not sure.  I'm not sure.  I'm not married to anybody.  Do you like this?  I hear it over to my wife.  Yeah.  Yeah, that's nice.  Can I come?  Uh...  Is that what you're talking about?  Is that what you're talking about?  I'm not sure.  How many?  That's the person in the audience.  Who that's...  Thank you.  That's the person in the audience.  Well, after...  After that, maybe, do you want to join the....  Well, what's that?  Yeah, I'm worried about you.  Seriously?  You haven't been a work solicitor to do that.  Yes.  But if you get a job,  And if you give a sort of, if you give a sort of few, too.  Oh, we do.  I kind of, you could.  I actually used to struggle with this.  Oh, I think there were, there were a couple of things that we didn't do.  There were some projects that we didn't do.  So, I thought that we'd do it.